Job Requirements
Education:Bachelor's degree
Work experience:5 years
Language skills:English
Job Summary
Contract Type:Full time
The Software Developer will be reporting to the Head of
Technology & Operations, the position holder will be responsible for
architecting, designing, developing, and supporting solutions for our
customers.
Using agile methodology and associated devops practices, you will
build scalable, highly available, reliable, secure application that meet and
exceeds customers expectation.



Responsibilities
Guide and contribute to business requirements
gathering by ensuring clarity, in collaboration with the Business Analyst

Design, architect, develop and test SwitchLink 's
Product and services as part of Scrum agile methodology.

Maintain and
support SwitchLink software, tools and platforms.

Ensure secure coding is done and secure coding
practices are adhered to, to protect SwitchLink 's data, Clients Data and Personally
Identifiable information

Implement SwitchLink's devops practices for all
projects e.g., repo& registry commit, pipelining, code review, security
testing etc

Evaluate and
improve existing, products and solutions, by researching new and alternate
technologies and designs.

Continuously
improve the effectiveness of the development team through advancing the
development pipeline, tools and software development practices.

Develop Unit test for developed code.
Engage with QA to ensure complete testing.

Do peer code review.

Contribute to Devops automation in testing and code
analysis.

Lead a team of
engineers and non-engineers towards a common goal.

Work as part of a
project team, delivering tasks timely and with quality feedback to the project
manager/scrum master.

Ability to manage
a project with a small and remote project team.

Use
various
team collaboration tools

QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS 

4-6 Years’ Programming experience in a Software &
Technology enabled industry.

3 years of experience delivering and operating large scale,
highly available, distributed systems.

Strong knowledge of 
C#/ Php-Laravel /Javascript – Vue.js, react

Experience working with CI and CD workflows with
associated tools eg jenkins, azure devops , circleci etc

Experience with Docker or Kubernetes a strong plus

Bsc Computer Science/IT or
any other relevant degree

Scrum Fundamentals or
equivalent

Scrum
Master Certification Added advantage